recipeName;recipeDescription
Non-fat salad;Cut cucumber, lettuce,onion and tomato.Add lemon or pomegranate molasses if you want.
Salad with tuna;Cut cucumber, lettuce,onion and tomato.Add lemon or pomegranate molasses if you want.Add tuna.
Boiled egg;Put the water and the egg in the bowl.Turn off the stove 5 minutes after the water starts boiling.
Omelet;Break the egg into a bowl.Cut some cheese and a little parsley and add to the bowl.Stir a little and cook in a pan without oil.
Green beans;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the green beans on it.Wait for it to cook.
Orka;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the orka on it.Wait for it to cook.
Leek;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the leek on it.Wait for it to cook.
Celery;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the celery on it.Wait for it to cook.
Artichoke;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the artichoke on it.Wait for it to cook.
Eggplant;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the eggplant on it.Wait for it to cook.
Pumpkin;Chop the onion like a cube.Cook the onion in a pot with a little oil.Cut the tomatoes and add to the pot.Add the pumpkin on it.Wait for it to cook.
Grilled chicken;Preheat grill to medium high heat.Add garlic powder,cumin,coriander,paprika,salt,pepper,olive oil.Rub mixture over both sides of the chicken.Place chicken on grill and grill each side for 4-7 minutes.Let rest for 5 minutes.
Tomato soup;Heat olive oil over medium high heat.Add onions,garlic and cook.Add flour,chicken broth,tomatoes with juice, oregano,salt,pepper,water.Cover and simmer for 15 minutes.Puree to desired consistency with an immersion blender.
Lentil soup;Fry the onion in oil. Add water, pool, potatoes and lentils to the pot.After cooking a little, mash it with a blender.
Barley noodles soup;Put oil, tomato paste and water in the pot.Add the barley noodles after cooking a little.
Chickpeas;First boil the chickpeas in a pot.Roast onion, oil and tomato paste on another side.Add chickpea and water to it.
Chicken with vegetables;Chop the pepper and tomato.Cook with a little oil in a frying pan.Add chicken on top and cook.
Meetball;Grate the onion.Cut the parsley, add all the minced meat.Add garlic,eggs,salt,pepper and mix.After shaping the meatballs, cook in a pan without oil.
Grilled fish;Combine garlic,olive oil,salt,pepper,lemon juice,and parsley.Pour the marinade over the fish.Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.Set grate 4 inches from the heat.Grill filets 5 minutes per side when easily flaked with a fork.
Mixed vegetables;Cut zucchini, pepper, eggplant and potato like cubes.Bake it in the oven.
Pasta;Add the pasta to the boiled water.Add salt.Cook in 10-12 minutes.
Rice;Roast oil and barley vermicelli in pot.Add rice and water and let it cook.